yes yes that's all I knew very nicely
very nice place you've got very chic
nothing like Abu JA bank robber to
remind me of how strange lo Santos has
become in my day the psychos at least
had the dignity to be psychotic nowadays
it's all about home furnishings and
going straight all right you ready
because this is it well it's not it but
I get something that's something very
big uns not quite ready yet but I wanted
to see how you're doing what I've got is
a flea subhankar anch eyes and it's
nothing too complicated there's no Buy
in normally there would be a buy-in you
were putting money up front we would
arrange the job and you would pull it
off it is time I'll cover the upfront
costs call it the price of getting a
look at you and there's no risk to you
unless of course you count getting
locked up or shot so you ready you know
what do you thank you questions comments
concerns all right what are you waiting
for let's go see this place
there it is take a look drink it in I've
patched into their security feed on
myself take a look what are we looking
at small joint not much security staff
won't give a crap especially about the
deposit boxes customers will probably be
thinking how to turn this into a
screenplay the boxes are in the back
behind the safe door we want box number
167 yeah it's right on the highway with
good access that works for you you can
get out quick but you'll also work for
the cops speed up their response time ok
ok we've seen what we're gonna see let's
go to the garment factory now when you
hit the bank you're going to need to
hack into its security system I've
written a neat little program that'll do
most of the work for you but it's
probably a good idea for you to
familiarize yourselves with it you in
the passenger seat I've sent it to your
phone take it for a dry run keep your
hands steady and maybe the wet run will
be a disaster
there's page we're leaving this car
taking the truck
ah i should be using my cane hey
now it's back to the apartment
okay okay okay now page will set up a
board for you won't you page lets you do
it if you could reach I mean I didn't
see any milk crates for you to stand on
mm-hmm the most important thing to look
for an employee his respect you can't
get anything done without respect where
was I oh yes yes room I page is setting
up this board on which you will plan
your scores you'll use it to a set out
all the prep work you need to do select
your crew figure out how the take from a
score should be split up you need crew
to take a score but only one person can
be in charge respect hmm is that right
page blow me you're only gonna need one
thing for this this job it's a
high-speed armored car instead of
getting one legitimately and leave me a
nice long paper trail to your front door
you're gonna be Jackie one from a nasty
Korean crew and leaving a nice long
paper trail to their door instead this
is good to go hey here's your board look
good when you're ready to move on the
car go over it in a study the plan tick
it off the list you must be methodical
this isn't just a dumb crime well there
there is an element of that huh and when
you got the car will come back here and
talk bank jobs
wide and there's no water
you